PVAS-462: update googlepay applepay specs (#662)
checkout/checkout-api-reference: nas_spec/changelog.md

| Date       | Description of change                                                                                                 |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 2022/08/03 | Add missing `token_format` to googlepay and applepay token responses                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2022/08/03 | Add missing `token_format` to Google Pay and Apple Pay token responses.                                              |
```
